Hi.
Welcome.
My name is Michael Famous.
And in this video I'm going to show you an overview of the multi window application.
We are going to be building this course now when the user first visit the application, this is going
to be the first screen the user is going to see.
And basically we have two types of users that is the customers and the seller's for the now I'm going
to create a customer account and you can see over here we can basically choose to pick image from the
gallery or the camera.
And for the now I'm going to pick the image from the gallery.
Okay, I can just go with this galleria and it's asking for the full name.
For the full name is going to be Linder.
John Linder.
John.
Okay.
He's asking for the address.
This is going to be leader, John at Gmail dot com.
And you can see he's asking for the password.
For the password.
I'm just going to use b e j a y mhc.
That's BJ Mark.
And over here I can choose to hide my password or make it visible or hide.
Okay.
And now I'm going to click on Sign Up.
And over here you can see we have.
Some collections over here.
We have the customer's collection where all the customer's accounts are going to be stored.
We also do have the hoarders collection, the products collection, the seller's collection, and I
think the account has been successfully created and now we have to log in.
Okay.
I think we have that over here.
Leader John.
And the email address is Linder.
John at Gmail dot com and the password is B, A, Y and Z.
And I'm going to click on log in.
Okay.
And now we are currently in the customer home screen and you can see we have a variety of categories.
We have the main categories, the women categories and all the women clothes are going to be displayed
and all the men clothes are going to be displayed.
We also do have the shoes categories and holey shoes are going to be displayed.
We have the kids and so on.
Okay.
And over here we have the search.
We could also search for products.
I can search for maybe women.
And you can see it's going to get displayed every time and we can choose to.
Okay.
No.
The detail of the products and you can see via we have opted for images for this product.
We can swipe this way and this is to.
And this way, Siri, and this is the last four.
And we can also choose to click on this to get the full details of the the product.
And we can choose to select this or this or screw this way or this seems good.
Right.
Okay.
And I'm going to go back.
And you can see the description of the products and it has no reviews yet.
It has no reviews yet.
And.
We could also see a similar item.
We have just one similar item.
Okay.
Go back.
And we're going to click on this product.
And you can see it has three views.
So reviews from Joey, Mac and Mac famous and jaw joint.
Joey Mac gave five stars and said It's a very good product.
Hopefully I get so much review from you.
And my colleague said it's a very bad product and he also gave for the five star and we have the similar
products over here and we can choose to have this item to cut and you can see why we have this badge
over it and we can click on this badge, click on this, and it's going to take us to the card screen.
And we can choose to increment considerably a $200 or we can choose to decrement.
You can see it back to under a dollar, and we can choose to delete this from our cards and we can choose
to continue shopping to add some other item.
Maybe this, and it has basically no similar item to cards.
We can even had multiple items to.
So our cards.
This.
And you can see and you can see the total prize is going to delete this from my card.
Okay.
So.
Then I can just.
Just purchase this.
Maybe I don't have the money yet.
What I can just do.
I can add this to my wish list.
And to see that, we have to head to our profile screen and you can still buy it.
This is Lee John and this is the image we had uploaded.
And you can see which list of where you can see the item we just added to our wish list and we can choose
to remove that item.
We can choose to remove it from the air and you're not going to see it anymore.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this.
You can see your wish list is empty.
Okay.
And currently we have not order for any products.
Right.
And I think we just deleted that from our cards so we didn't have any products.
We also have some stores over here like you can see we have Max Store, that is the seller's store.
We have John Store, we have Mac shop.
I can choose to purchase any product from John Store and you can see John has just two products.
And Max store.
The K Max store has up to one, two, two, four, five products.
Wow.
So I can choose to purchase from Mac products and I can then add this to cart.
And okay, I'm going to click on checkouts.
Okay.
He's saying you must have an address.
Definitely.
We need an address to tell where the goods are going to be shipped to.
So I'm going to have an address.
And is asking for the first name.
And you can see we had we have some validation check.
You can see it saying your please enter your first name.
So for the first name, this is going to be leader.
And for the last name, it's going to be John.
For the number.
I'm just going to say, I'm just going to use this.
And it's asking me to choose a country.
On Syria.
And choose states is going to pick this.
And is asking for a seat.
Okay.
Click on her address.
You can see it got updated every time.
John, the number and the seat states and so on.
So we can then click on confirm.
Look, you can see the toll to the Toyota is 110.
The Toyota order is under a dollar.
And you can see the shipping cost is $10.
And we can choose to pay either cash on delivery, visa or stripe for the.
I'm just going to go with the cash on delivery.
And you can see we are going to need we need to confirm that we are paying order at 10 USD.
So click on this and confirm.
Okay.
Cassie, please wait.
Please wait.
Yeah, I think that has been ordered.
Okay, now profile screen and check order.
You can then see we have this order.
We can click on it to get the full details.
The name is Linda John.
It has no phone number yet.
Okay.
We just have to update that now.
Over here, you can see we have this set address.
Like you can just maybe had on the address.
One more address.
Okay, Mark.
Linda.
And John.
Okay.
This as a phone number.
And for the country, I'm going to choose Afghanistan.
And the states can just choose this.
And click on order.
And you can see now we have to we have to address and we have to choose one.
We want we want to be the default address.
Okay.
You can see now, Linda, John, and you can see it got updated every time over here.
I can leave that, John, is the current default address.
And so we can also choose this.
Like are you going to say, look, you can see Afghanistan got updated every time and had.
Okay.
So we just had that date ready.
Just go back and back.
Okay.
And we have to go to that screen and come back to this.
You can see I've got a stern and the phone number being the email address.
And you can also see we have the categories of we have the men categories, the women, the shoes and
so on.
For the men.
You can just click on this link.
It can.
This is the sheds category or subcategory and t shirts.
Okay.
You can see we don't have any product yet for this t shirt and the jacket.
Sounds good, right?
They are really a lot of features I can't really cover.
I can't really show you.
And you can see the orders, the name, the time and everything.
And we ordered from Wichita.
I think this is a product we just ordered and we heard that from to know that we just have to click
on this.
It's going to take us to the store where that product is.
And you can see the product on the dollar.
And it was Mac Mac's store that uploaded the products.
Okay.
So what I'm just going to do, I'm going to log out to show you the seller's.
The seller's accounts.
You can see we can edit photo, we can change password and it's going to log out.
Okay.
Seems good.
Then I'm going to log into a seller's account.
Create.
The key.
Early.
I have an account, so I'm just going to click on log in.
Okay.
I'm going to log in to my store.
So I am going to say Mac.
Stir.
At Gmail dot com and the password is being G-a-y esque.
I'm just going to hide my password from you.
Okay.
Log in.
And it's going to take us to the sailor home screen.
And you can see the bottom navigation bar is a bit different.
And you can see over here we have the dashboard.
And over here we have the statistics of the user and you can see the user as sold up to ten products
and you can see item counts and you can see the total balance of the seller.
2003 hundred.
That's very huge.
Hopefully have such money and you can see the balance of the user and the user can choose to get this
money.
That is the cellar.
And you can see it stirs.
And I think we recently purchased this product.
Right.
So what we can do.
We can go to these orders and you can see why we have the preparing section.
We have the shipping section.
So far, I think this product is currently shipping for another user.
This product is currently shipping for my famous.
And the email address of the user that ordered the product is my colleague.
Famous email that's calm and.
So far he has delivered up to one, two, 3456026123456 up to six products.
Now, what we have to do is.
Over.
Yeah, we have this.
Okay.
This is from John.
And over here, we're going to click on this.
And to set a shipping date for the shipping date, I'm going to say to we're going to ship this product
to DeJoy on September.
September, October, October Series OC.
And you can see it is now in the shipping section and after October three we can then say it has been
delivered.
Okay.
And you can see it in this section now delivered.
This is it over here.
Delivered to John.
And you can see the delivery status is delivered and you can see the payment status is cash on delivery.
Like you can see via this.
This order has been delivered.
Sounds good, right?
So you're going to know how to do all this.
Don't worry.
You'll be able to do all this by yourself.
Okay.
I can't really go through all these features.
And you can see we have the we can choose to upload a product.
We can choose to select from various categories that is the man women and probably this and we have
the subcategory maybe t shirts and the price, the quantity, the product name, the description of
the products and we can pick multiple image.
Okay.
I'm going to pick this.
This.
Select.
And you can see we can even slide this way.
And then after everything we can then click on upload.
Definitely.
We're going to have all these errors, right, because all these fields are required.
Okay.
And over here.
What I'm just going to do.
I'm going to sign out from this account dashboard and I'm going to sign out and I'm going to log in
back to.
Linda Joy's accounts, certainly the Jones accounts and log in.
OC leader.
Leader.
John.
It's Gmail.
It's calm.
Jameel.
That's calm.
And the password is MSC.
Just going to hide it from you again and log in.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this.
Wait for this a bit.
Okay.
And back to the customer home screen.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to draw up a review for that product since it has been delivered
to me.
Okay.
To do that, we have to go to the orders.
And.
You can see writes a review.
It has been delivered, right?
I'm going to give my review.
I think the product was very nice.
It's very cool.
But I'm just going to give five star.
It deserves it.
Okay.
I'm going to say over here.
Well, it's a good.
It's an.
Good item.
And.
Okay.
And we just add that this okay you can see review added.
Don't worry.
You'll be able to do all this.
Okay.
And over here, you can see the VAT and scroll reviews.
You can see now we have Joy Mach, we have leader John.
And John said, good item, I think this is us.
Right.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Sounds good, Sims.
Very, very cool.
Right.
Okay.
I think I'm just going to stop here.
But definitely after this course, you will be able to build this from scratch with not just with extremely
understanding.
That is, you be able to do this by yourself.
Every code is written from scratch.
So definitely after this course you will be able to build all this from all these sections, different
categories, such.
And everything you're saying over here, you'll be able to build everything yourself from from scratch.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the chorus.